hello my friends welcome to my may
favorites video I did not do a favorites
video in April because I did the
Mother's Day video so I've got so much
to share with you I cannot wait to tell
you the worst products I tried in the
past two months all the way up to the
vest as you may know I went to I mass in
the month of April so I had a hole that
I did of the things I got a time at so
some of that stuff is in here other
things you may have seen me mention on
the channel but you have not gotten
reviews on them and also some things
that I haven't talked about on the
channel at all so I'm really excited to
share these with you let's go ahead and
start with the worst product I tried
this month at number 10 at number 10 you
saw me use this if you saw my surprise
product never seen on the channel video
I tried out the elf hydrating face
primer this one did not work for me it
is extremely oily feeling on my skin it
makes my foundation slip and slide all
over my face and it's just horribly
annoying and really really didn't like
this at all it's just there's something
all not the texture that is just too
oily for me
if you enjoy it and you love it I think
that's fantastic but it just did not
work out for me the next one is a
product that I personally feel lied to
me I feel like the name lied to me I
feel deceived this is a company I don't
own a lot of stuff from but it's a very
popular brand and I feel like I've been
lied to and it is Damac false lashes
mascara girlfriend/boyfriend this did
not give me false lashes at all like not
even close I would so much rather use my
Jordana best lash extreme or my essence
princess mascara I would much rather use
those than this and this is way more
expensive I'm totally bummed about this
it just didn't work for me
I have very short sparse lashes so maybe
if you already have a lot of lashes or
if you already have long lashes maybe
this would work for you but for my
basically nothing lashes it did nothing
so stop lying to me Mac I'm not happy
with you hopefully I will try a better
Mac product very very soon please leave
your favorite Mac products down in the
comments below and
maybe I will pick it up now especially
now that is it Alta the next product is
a product that I absolutely loved
initially I loved it so much and I was
so happy with it and I raved about it in
my eye mass hall I'm starting to not
like it as much and it is the Roxanne
Rizzo bronze glow bronzing mist for face
and body the initial application of this
is absolutely beautiful is very adorable
young man sprayed this on me I'm at I
paid $40 for it I was so sold I sprayed
it on home I used it for about two weeks
and then I kind of stopped using it for
a few days two three four days I didn't
use it and what I noticed was my skin
started to look dirty like straight up
dirt like I was sitting on the couch and
my husband was like your feet are
disgusting like they look like you have
just been walking through mud and not
wash your feet well but I swear I took a
shower this morning my feet are not
dirty it's the self-tanner that is
wearing away in places and leaving my
feet looking I just they just look
disgusting and the same thing was
happening I was noticing on my chest
here and also on my arms I didn't notice
it as much in my face maybe because I
exfoliate my face and I use cleansers
and things in my face so it did wear
away from my face faster but it was a
war way more evenly when I did purchase
this they did say that in order to get
it off you need to use like an
exfoliating sponge or something like
that but that's just too much work for
me I had really high hopes for this it
smells amazing and like I said the
initial application of it is beautiful I
definitely recommend if you do buy this
you need to apply it in your shower
because it makes a mess everywhere I
learned that the hard way too but
overall this is going to be one that I
will probably continue to use
occasionally but I will never build it
up again the way that I had it built up
because it's just the wear down of it is
really gross at number seven this
product isn't a bad product it just
again I feel like it was false
advertising this is the Estee Lauder
Double Wear and this is the travel
version I did shoot a five minute review
on this I'm not sure if I'm going to
post it or not I'm not sure if I like
how it came out
but I may post it I'm not sure but I did
do a wear test on this to show you how
it wore yesterday and it's just it's not
estee lauder double wear now
it comes down to only 20% of this
product that's in here is the same as
the original Estee Lauder Double Wear
and I think that's extremely deceptive
it presents itself as estee lauder
double wear in a travel container and
that's just simply not true
it does come with this little sponge
here and then what you do is you press
on this little button here and then the
foundation comes out so it's really
really great format for travel a light
coverage foundation lasting power wasn't
great which is pretty much the opposite
of Estee Lauder Double Wear for me so it
was really disappointed that this wasn't
as it was advertised is it a bad product
no it's not a bad product it's got
decent lasting power it's okay but the
price on it is outrageous they've
actually got this on sale right now on
sa Claudia's website for $25 and even at
$25 only getting point four ounces of it
which it's still ridiculously expensive
if you think about it per ounce so I
still don't recommend this if it was a
lower price foundation and I would say
yeah go for it but because of the price
point I would I don't recommend this at
all starting to get toward middle ground
here these are ones that they apply
absolutely beautifully if you're going
to do an Instagram look they'll look
fantastic but through the day I don't
really enjoy them they're the dose of
colors what are they they're called the
ideal duos I bought two of these at I
met I got lemon drop and I got shell so
the way these work is you have kind of a
Mac Paint Pot kind of thing in the top
it's just a little bit oilier than a Mac
Paint Pot up here that matches the
glitter pigment that's in the bottom and
like I said the initial look of it is
gorgeous it's so pretty I have tried the
top part the base all by itself and it
does crease a little bit on me so if you
have oily lids it'll probably crease
pretty badly on you if you have dry lids
it may work better but what I found
about the glitter which sticks very well
to the base it does I don't have fallout
but what happens is I'm noticing that
there's transfer like how I just put it
right onto my lid but I noticed that it
transfers up above my crease because you
know when your eyes open you know if the
skin touches there and it transfers
really bad to there
is a look that I don't particularly
enjoy as glitter up over my crease and
it's really hard to get off of there
because it does stick to the eyes so
well so overall I really I'm kind of on
the fence with these I think I'm gonna
start using the base with powder
eyeshadows I think that would be a good
thing and also I think I'm going to use
the glitter as kind of a top or over
like glitter glue with another look but
I don't feel like the two products
worked really well together number five
is a product that I like but it had it's
not quite perfect it's not exactly what
I want this is the Tarte man-eater
eyeliner it is a marker liner and it is
a brush tip let me just say the
positives first the line is so black and
there's so much ink on it that it just
goes on look super smooth easy to do a
wing if you like a little bit thicker of
a wing and here's why the brush kind of
spreads out a little bit on the lid so
as you spread it it kind of it doesn't
it's not quite as fine as it is when
it's just sitting there as when you're
pressing it down onto the skin so it's a
little bit more difficult than I like to
get that point at the end of the wing
but if you're good at that flick you'll
probably be able to work with it this
isn't a problem for me but I've talked
to my subscribers about this I forgot
exactly who it was but somebody was
telling me that for her it seeped into
her fine line it hasn't been a problem
for me but if you have a lot of fine
lines on your eyes it may be a problem
for you so for me this liner is just
okay if you're going to get a tart liner
I would recommend the so fine over this
one now the rest of the products are all
products that I really really love they
really are relatively interchangeable
especially these next three so this one
is the OCC lip tar in the shade - this
has become one of my go-to lip colors I
really really love it a lot it's just it
feels very comfortable on the lips
I remember OCC lip tars being drying but
this one is not drying on me at all I
don't know if they've reformulated when
they change the packaging but I never
hear anybody talking about OCC lip tars
anymore and I don't know why because
it's really really
it's relatively transfer-resistant feels
good on the lips not great but good on
the lips no weird flaking or anything
weird typical we're down right near the
inside of the lips because it's so close
to my natural lip color it doesn't
really look weird as it's wearing down
but nothing weird funky going on in the
wear down and I'm just really enjoying
this I definitely want to get some more
OCC lip tars because oh no I'm just
really enjoying this oh I don't like it
a lot the next one is a total shocker I
bought it on an impulse buy and I had no
idea it would be this good and I am like
oh it is the ultimate e metallic six
piece eyeshadow palette it looks like a
typical Ulta palette Ulta eyeshadows on
the whole in my opinion are pretty sick
and terrible but when I look at the
picture I looked at the way that the the
shadows looked in the photo they
reminded me a lot of some of my favorite
foiled eyeshadows so I was like you know
what I'm going to give it a shot and mat
did I am not dreading this at all this
is probably the least expensive
eyeshadow palette that I have found that
gives this quality of performance if you
just like one shimmer shade on your lid
and be one and done then you'll be fine
if you like to use some math in your
look to kind of balance it out you're
going to have to find a matte palette to
go with it because this is all metallic
shimmery shade there is not a dud in
this bunch it is wonderful and I was
completely shocked so pleasantly Supply
surprised and I really really hope that
also comes out with more of these
because they are wonderful
number two is another find that I got at
IMATS this was actually given to me by
the brand when I dropped my business
card they're like hey you want to try
some of our products and they gave me a
few things to try oh my gosh I have got
to tell you about this this was no
obligation to review they're not paying
me for this they just given me the
product and said you know if you want to
try this this is the Miss adoro
three-piece beauty brow gel kit it is
ten dollars on their website and let me
show you what you get oh my gosh so in
here you get a brow gel you get a brow
brush with a spoolie and you get a
double-ended highlighter pencil this is
probably my least favorite thing in here
is the pencil I find
to be kind of patchy to go on a little
difficult to blend I'm not the biggest
fan of this but but this by itself is
worth well over $10 I like it just as
much as my honest audience anasazi a dip
brow I actually find it a little easier
to work with because I find me Anasazi
dip brow goes on super super thick where
this is more buildable and I really do
like the brush it's kind of small but
it's nice for people that have smaller
brows to be able to really get in there
and draw in where you want to draw and
then having this bully on the other side
is really nice but oh my gosh is this
stuff awesome blasting power is
wonderful I've worn this on sweaty days
and on those sweaty days things can kind
of start dripping out of place but this
does not go anywhere and I have been
loving it and I cannot believe it's only
$10 when I look up how much it cost I
was like are you serious so excited
about this product if you are looking
for a brow product I would definitely
recommend checking this out and my
favorite product of the month this isn't
going to be a shocker to people who
watch my lorac pirates video because
I've pretty much told you in the video
that this is my favorite product like my
favorite thing that I bought in a really
long time like products food like it's
like I love this thing it is a lorac
Pirates of the Caribbean cheek palette I
can't stop using this like I look at my
blush store and I look at the things
that I have and it's like I'm just going
to use a little pirate palette again
thing cuz I am loving it so much I feel
like these over here maybe a little
light for deeper skin tones I even find
this shade to be a little light for my
cheeks it's very powdery and white but
they can also be used for eyeshadows as
well so definitely keep that in mind but
these four shades are like using it
makes me happy I love the way it builds
I love the lasting power I love the
shine on the highlighters it's just I
can't stop using it and you know you've
got a product that you are just in love
with when you just can't stop using it
and that's the way I feel about this I
will link my entire lorac pirates
collection video down below in case you
want to see the full review so that is
it for my April slash may favorites
video I hope you enjoyed it if you did
definitely make sure you hit the
subscribe button so you don't forget to
watch my favorites next month I'm not
sure if the June favorites when that's
going to happen because I will be away
at the end of June so hopefully I'll be
able to get it up in the beginning of
July that's what I'm hoping for cross my
fingers this videos going up in the
beginning of June so same kind of thing
but but yeah so I hope you enjoyed the
video and thanks a lot for watching mad
love and I'll see you in a video soon